README.md, before:

# Awesome dotfiles for public.

This repo contains some dotfiles for my OS( Ubuntu20.04 and macOS 🖥️ ).

I put them here for handy and portable use.
If this is helpful to you, please give me a star ⭐.
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles.svg?label=Stars&style=social)](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles)

## Table of contents

- [Conda](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/conda)
- [Fusuma](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/fusuma)
- [Lazygit](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/lazygit)
- [Neofetch](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/neofetch)
- [Oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/oh-my-zsh)
- [Pip](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/pip)
- [Ranger](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/ranger)
- [Terminator](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/terminator)
- [Vscode](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/vscode)
- [Apt](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/apt)
- [Gnome themes](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/themes)
- [Gedit](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/gedit)
- [Fzf](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/fzf)
- [Ulauncher](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/ulauncher)
- [Btop](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/btop)
- [Typora](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/typora)
- [Git](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/git)
- [Clang](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/clang)
- [Iterm2](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/iterm2)
- [Rime](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/rime)
- ~~[Vim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/vim)~~
- ~~[Neovim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/nvim)~~

## Wiki

The Wiki Page is Here. ➡️ [Wiki](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/wiki)

## Update

> **Warning**
>
> The [Vim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/vim) and [Neovim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/nvim) configurations in this repo have been deprecated.
>
> The latest configurations can be found in this repo. ➡️ [Neovim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-neovim)

----------

Interested in any other resource? Welcome to my [profile page](https://github.com/Xuer04) 😜

Commit message:

update local files for alacritty and kitty configs.

README.md, after:

# Awesome dotfiles for public

<!--toc:start-->
- [Awesome dotfiles for public](#awesome-dotfiles-for-public)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Wiki](#wiki)
  - [Update](#update)
<!--toc:end-->

This repo contains some dotfiles for my OS( Ubuntu20.04 and macOS 🖥️ ).

I put them here for handy and portable use.
If this is helpful to you, please give me a star ⭐.
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles.svg?label=Stars&style=social)](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles)

## Table of contents

- [Conda](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/conda)
- [Fusuma](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/fusuma)
- [Lazygit](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/lazygit)
- [Neofetch](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/neofetch)
- [Oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/oh-my-zsh)
- [Pip](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/pip)
- [Ranger](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/ranger)
- [Terminator](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/terminator)
- [Vscode](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/vscode)
- [Apt](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/apt)
- [Gnome themes](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/themes)
- [Gedit](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/gedit)
- [Fzf](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/fzf)
- [Ulauncher](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/ulauncher)
- [Btop](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/btop)
- [Typora](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/typora)
- [Git](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/git)
- [Clang](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/clang)
- [Iterm2](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/iterm2)
- [Rime](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/rime)
- ~~[Vim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/vim)~~
- ~~[Neovim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/nvim)~~

## Wiki

The Wiki Page is Here. ➡️ [Wiki](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/wiki)

## Update

> **Warning**
>
> The [Vim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/vim) and [Neovim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-dotfiles/tree/main/nvim) configurations in this repo have been deprecated.
>
> The latest configurations can be found in this repo. ➡️ [Neovim](https://github.com/Xuer04/Awesome-neovim)

----------

Interested in any other resource? Welcome to my [profile page](https://github.com/Xuer04) 😜
